# Some company's Java job assignment

User stories to be implemented:
- As a user I discover the game map
- As a user I fight with monsters
- As a user I earn experience
- As a user I can save and resume a game
- As a user I can create my character

Technical constraints:
- code should be written in Java
- do not use any libraries and frameworks except for testing and build pipelines
- code for the command line

# My implementation


## Game map
█ - uncharted terrain
░ - empty field
P - player position
W - wolf position (enemy)
Gained experience is displayed above the game map

## Controls
After starting the game type NEW_GAME<enter>. The game starts after creating the character. Type R<enter> to move right and L<enter>, to move left.
FR<enter> allows to fight with the enemy on the right, FL<enter> - fight the enemy on the left.
To save the game type SAVE_GAME<enter>. Type RESUME_GAME<enter> to start previously saved game.

## End game conditions
The game ends when the player discovers the whole map.

## Code extensibility
An application can be extended in various ways:
- Application was intended to be in console but there is no problem with replacing GameRenderer and Prompter to move it into graphical environment.
- MoveExecutor encpsulates all moving rules so it is enough to reimplement it in order to change these rules.
- It is possible to subscribe different listeners to the events generated by MoveExecutor. You can also add new event types generated inside the application.
- It is possible to replace GameLoader implementation and save files e.g. in the cloud :)
- Is is possible to reimplement PlayerCreator and add more character traits (also it is possible to add traits that change the game flow in some way).

# FAQ
### 1. Why the game level is hardcoded?
Normally I would use JSON or some other file format to save game files. However according to the assignment constraints it is not allowed to use any external libraries to I decided to use default Java serialization. So it appeared to be a viable solution to allow creating a game level directly from the code (it should be human readable when there is no level editor in place).

### 2. Why tests are provided for one class only?
This is because I didn't have more time. I think this is enough to show that I can write unit tests.
